Machine learning
Great course. Theoretical and Abstract. Great concepts and ideas. Would be helpful to have a good foundation in Linear Algebra, Probability and some Linear Programming.
teachers are hard to understand. exams are tough.
Difficult course, hard assignments, helpful TAs
A lot of paper reading and critiquing although the set of papers were very interesting
A lot of paper reading and critiquing although the set of papers were very interesting
horrible professor, easy exams, okay MPs

User Interface Design
great professor..! But too much work. Too many designs and project implementations!
>Great lecturing professor, needs more application of learned material
Hard exams.  Easy projects.
pay attention in class. the lectures are actually very interesting and practical.


Social and Economic Networks
easy assignments, no exams, nice professor
A little heavy on Math, well structured course, a few trivial assignments

Numerical Analysis
not very interesting, disorganized, but the professor tries his best to help students actually understand the materials
math 415 is the best prereq
A little heavy on Math, well structured course, a few trivial assignments

Artificial Intelligence
teachers are hard to understand. exams are tough
horrible professor, easy exams, okay MPs

 Human-Computer Interaction
 
 Extremal Graph Theory
 
 
 System Programming
 so difficult, worth the effort, great professor
 easy exam, interesting material and mp, great professor
 Very hard to get help in the class unless you start really early for the MP because of the way Chara queue works
 MP's were difficult, but manageable given enough time.
 professor explains well, lectures are engaging, very helpful TAs, interesting TAs
 Makes theory interesting, but little to none of it appears on the hw... which I am grateful of
 a fast paced course, do the extra credit on mps and study well for quizzes
difficult multiple choice, do the extra credit for mps
Don't get behind, he moves fast
moderately difficult exams, only 2 MPs, homework assignments are moderate
teachers are hard to understand. exams are tough. 
great TAs and instructor
professor difficult to understand

Computer Security I
easy exam, interesting material and mp, great professor

Probability in Computer Science
not very interesting, disorganized, but the professor tries his best to help students actually understand the materials
Makes theory interesting, but little to none of it appears on the hw... which I am grateful of


Computer Architecture
so difficult, worth the effort, great professor
professor explains well, lectures are engaging, very helpful TAs, interesting TAs.
middle difficulty exams, somehow boring instructor, helpful TAs.
Don't get behind, he moves fast
great TAs and instructor

Database Systems
Needs better class structure, too theoretical, lacks application of knowledge
Professor came to class just to read off slides, didn't seem to ever prepare for each lecture
Interesting, good professor, moderately difficult exams
professor explains well

Data Mining Principles
great instructor, lots of reading

Social visualization
great professor..! But too much work. Too many designs and project implementations!
Project heavy course, interesting lectures, great professor
creativity, interesting, helpful professor, learning a lot




 
 
 
